README.md, before:

# JoeX Max/MSP Package
This is a Package for Max/MSP that I'm developing for some music projects for my tesis at the University that I believe would be very useful for some of you...

I'll complete the Readme.md file when I finish the first release with full info about the contents...

#### Updates
I'm constantly making changes, so keep in mind that it may be possible that you download this and minutes or even seconds later I updated something, for now I'm updating almost daily...

### Installing
for now if you want to install it, just:
1. Clone this project or download it as zip and decompress it
2. Move the *master* folder to the Max packages folder, which is located at: [your User's Document folder]/Max [#]/Packages/
3. Finally open Max, and try the *js* and *mxj~* files...

you can also check up my [jsextensions](jsextensions/joex-extensions.js), which are very useful for creating your own js objects

You can use this on a patch to toggle debugging on most of my jsextensions:

```
----------begin_max5_patcher----------
321.3ocqQEjSCCCD7r8qvxm.oPUZwfZQhWRUUkSxpfiRsir2TBpp+chW2PoE
PhC8hs1wytimcNvYxB2.DjhWDqEL1ANiQPQ.1oZlbmdnrUGHZRK7tqnQlkdB
gAjfaBn2TWCdwcMNXXVETzW+pdc9l6m3ZpHlic+vS4Sf19cFaKfzvmeFz0iW
i1owx2L15sdnDSeY0R0r7LgRsJdMWsLdsXwrbwlSMklC9QGj5PJEahubjyiG
Y+SWit55V3WbhZk7qumWuCPvuEr5hVRu7apKW7HYO0z4eaRiEuzmDUYqwdcX
SxEwuz7AWuubZZS9TbVwJHfFqFMN62HEi0HoeHrtqaO3CmXShLteab9X4xLp
zXSkzhP5g8lI9zVTp8i6Ebboz6oOlb3YkL0pqB71dC0MOlpiRRYmcLQBc5jS
nHlej+4C+X6Y
-----------end_max5_patcher-----------
```
just copy it and paste it on the patch, obviously you have to install the package first and restart Max...

#### Usage
For now there are only js objects and mxj~ objects...

- For the JS objects just do [js *name_of_the_js_file*]
- For the MXJ\~ objects just do [mxj\~ joex.*name_of_java_classes*]

Have fun!
### Supporting
Right now I'm not sure if this would work on Max 7, I'm working on Max 8, but I believe it should work...

Also, If there's some code you believe can be optimize, don't doubt to post it on request or issues section...

Now beware that there might be some files that are not finished, I'll try to mark them with some comments that are still being worked on... be patient... you can still download them and *finish* them yourself if you want...

#### Patreon
Soon you'll have a link to my patreon here in case there is some specific thing you'll want, I'll try to do it "for free" but if it takes me too much time I'll need some income... For now you can do requests, and I'll try to make them if they are not too complicated... :)

Commit message:

Updated README file and updated external's file names

README.md, after:

# JoeX Max/MSP Package
This is a Package for Max/MSP that I started developing for some music projects for my tesis at the University that I believe would be very useful for some of you as well...

It's not fancy stuff, but I find it useful...

#### Updates
I'm constantly making changes, so keep in mind that it may be possible that you download this and minutes or even seconds later I updated something, for now I'm updating almost daily...

### Installing
for now if you want to install it, just:
1. Clone this project directly on the `Packages` folder or download it as zip and decompress it
2. Move the *master* folder to the Max packages folder, which is located at: [your User's Document folder]/Max [version]/Packages/
3. Finally open Max, and happy patching!

you can also check up my [jsextensions](jsextensions/joex-extensions.js), which are very useful for creating your own js objects

You can use this on a patch to toggle debugging on most of my jsextensions:

```
----------begin_max5_patcher----------
321.3ocqQEjSCCCD7r8qvxm.oPUZwfZQhWRUUkSxpfiRsir2TBpp+chW2PoE
PhC8hs1wytimcNvYxB2.DjhWDqEL1ANiQPQ.1oZlbmdnrUGHZRK7tqnQlkdB
gAjfaBn2TWCdwcMNXXVETzW+pdc9l6m3ZpHlic+vS4Sf19cFaKfzvmeFz0iW
i1owx2L15sdnDSeY0R0r7LgRsJdMWsLdsXwrbwlSMklC9QGj5PJEahubjyiG
Y+SWit55V3WbhZk7qumWuCPvuEr5hVRu7apKW7HYO0z4eaRiEuzmDUYqwdcX
SxEwuz7AWuubZZS9TbVwJHfFqFMN62HEi0HoeHrtqaO3CmXShLteab9X4xLp
zXSkzhP5g8lI9zVTp8i6Ebboz6oOlb3YkL0pqB71dC0MOlpiRRYmcLQBc5jS
nHlej+4C+X6Y
-----------end_max5_patcher-----------
```
just copy it and paste it on the patch, obviously you have to install the package first and restart Max...

#### Usage
For now there js objects, mxj~ objects, and an object abstraction...

- For the JS objects just do [js *name_of_the_js_file*]
- For the MXJ\~ objects just do [mxj\~ joex.*name_of_java_classes*]
- The object abstractions start with `joex.`

Have fun!
### Supporting
Right now I'm not sure if this would work on Max 7, I started this project on Max 8, and now I'm using Max 9, some stuff might only work for newer versions...

Also, If there's some code you believe can be optimized, don't doubt to post it as a request on the issues tab...

Now beware that there might be some files that are not finished, I'll try to mark them with some comments that are still being worked on... be patient... you can still download them and *finish* them yourself if you want...

#### Patreon
Soon you'll have a link to my patreon here in case there is some specific thing you'll want, I'll try to do it "for free" but if it takes me too much time I'll need some income... For now you can do requests, and I'll try to make them if they are not too complicated... :)

For now here's my PayPal: https://paypal.me/JXMO
